Document `NIXOS_OZONE_WL=1` (#693)
hyprwm/hyprland-wiki: pages/Getting Started/Master-Tutorial.md

it or electron) don't. You need to pass
`--enable-features=UseOzonePlatform --ozone-platform=wayland` to them or use
`.conf` files where possible. Chromium-based browsers also should have a toggle
in `chrome://flags`. Search for _"ozone"_ and select Wayland. If you are on NixOS

> You can also use `NIXOS_OZONE_WL=1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can also set the environment variable `NIXOS_OZONE_WL=1` in your configuration.
```
